over 1 million screaming fans 113
electrifying minutes and the more Kings
of Comedy what you gonna do for
excitement today I'm on dry faster
ponies pull my wallet I hope I don't get
shot 41 times if I dropped my wallet in
front of police I know the rule now I
will not pick that up I take it all the
way home the original Kings of Comedy
the most successful comedy tour ever
we fought the Megillah change up in here
now MTV Films and Latham entertainment
presents a spike Lee joint it's like
that big movie that came out the Titanic
you saw to move it the band was playing
as the ship went down
what black band you know go keep playing
with the damn ship going down cool in
the game with a fin unplug Jesus first
miracle was turning water into wine at a
wedding nor are we don't ran out of wine
y'all know nobody I don't do this but uh
oh here keep the polygon somebody want a
black president
come on y'all now you know I mean you
know we got Clinton that's close he got
Negro tendencies but uh I like white
people leave all brick on the job the
girl named STD cheese help his team is
it back on the dust my people we go on
break we break
you think I you original Kings of Comedy
girl I'm going to see the King not to
clean the cage
you